LLM OUTPUT IS: The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, William Randolph Hearst, Media of the United States
Correct: The Washington Post
LLM OUTPUT IS: United Nations General Assembly Resolution 505, One-China policy, Taiwan, History of the Republic of China, Image:RC (Taiwan).png|thumb|right|Countries maintaining relations with the R
Incorrect: United Nations General Assembly Resolution 505 and Expected: Taiwan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: One-China policy and Expected: Taiwan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Taiwan
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times
Correct: The Wall Street Journal
LLM OUTPUT IS: Irving Berlin, Jerome Kern, Annie Get Your Gun (musical), Hair (musical), The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway
Incorrect: Irving Berlin and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Jerome Kern and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Annie Get Your Gun (musical) and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Hair (musical) and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Salvation Army, Pride London, The Salvation Army, Capital (radio network), Change ringing
Correct: The Salvation Army
LLM OUTPUT IS: Florida, Italy
Correct: Florida
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ambrogio Lorenzetti, Pietro Lorenzetti, Luca Signorelli, Themes in Italian Renaissance painting, Diego Velázquez
Incorrect: Ambrogio Lorenzetti and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Pietro Lorenzetti and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Luca Signorelli and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Themes in Italian Renaissance painting and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Diego Velázquez and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Jackie Joyner-Kersee, Jackie Robinson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Kevin Love, University of California, Los Angeles
Correct: Jackie Joyner-Kersee
LLM OUTPUT IS: Chevrolet Celebrity, Pontiac, AMC Matador, Chevrolet Impala, Hammer and sickle
Incorrect: Chevrolet Celebrity and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Pontiac and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: AMC Matador and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Chevrolet Impala and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Hammer and sickle and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cairo, Khartoum, Ancient Libya, Crossing the Red Sea, Nile
Correct: Cairo
LLM OUTPUT IS: Philippe Pétain, Philippe Pétain
Incorrect: Philippe Pétain and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Philippe Pétain and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ohio, Anders Zorn, Sculpture of the United States, Michael Bierut, Museum of Science and Industry (Chicago)
Correct: Ohio
LLM OUTPUT IS: USS Arizona Memorial, Friend to all Nations, Robert Ballard, Richard Henry Dana, Jr., Thomas W. Lawson (ship)
Incorrect: USS Arizona Memorial and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Friend to all Nations and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Robert Ballard and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Richard Henry Dana and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Jr. and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heath Ledger, Russell Crowe
Correct: Heath Ledger
LLM OUTPUT IS: Peninsula War, Napoleonic Wars, Battle of Roliça, Ferdinand VII of Spain, War of the Sixth Coalition
Incorrect: Peninsula War and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Napoleonic Wars and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Battle of Roliça and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ferdinand VII of Spain and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: War of the Sixth Coalition and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Wolong, Chengdu, House, Kawaii, Vietnamese cuisine
Incorrect: Wolong and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Chengdu and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: House and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Kawaii and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Vietnamese cuisine and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, George Michael
Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: George Michael (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: George Michael
LLM OUTPUT IS: Zora Neale Hurston, Medgar Evers
Incorrect: Zora Neale Hurston and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Medgar Evers and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Knights of Columbus, Knights of Labor, Studentenverbindung, Felix Frankfurter, Georgetown University
Correct: Knights of Columbus
LLM OUTPUT IS: Golden Eagle, Ferruginous Hawk, Itasca State Park, Lahore Zoo, File:Woody Guthrie NYWTS
Incorrect: Golden Eagle and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ferruginous Hawk and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Itasca State Park and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Lahore Zoo and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: File:Woody Guthrie NYWTS and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Komodo dragon, Reptile, Fauna of Australia, Dragon (Middle-earth), Tony Fitzjohn
Correct: Komodo dragon
LLM OUTPUT IS: Alan Shepard, Keith Park, Royal Australian Navy, Jimmy Doolittle, 1929
Incorrect: Alan Shepard and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Keith Park and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Royal Australian Navy and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Jimmy Doolittle and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: 1929 and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Boot Hill, Doc Holliday
Correct: Boot Hill
LLM OUTPUT IS: Khmer Rouge, Politics of Cambodia, History of Cambodia, Cult of personality, Travancore
Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Politics of Cambodia and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: History of Cambodia and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Cult of personality and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Travancore and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Confucius, Sun Yat-sen, Zhang Binglin, Daphne Marlatt, Numerology
Correct: Confucius
LLM OUTPUT IS: Bessie Coleman, Lambert–St. Louis International Airport, Pilot (aeronautics), Ida Cox, Ethel Waters
Incorrect: Bessie Coleman and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Lambert–St. Louis International Airport and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Pilot (aeronautics) and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ida Cox and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ethel Waters and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Canaan, Raichur district, History of ancient Israel and Judah, Zephaniah, Late Bronze Age collapse
Incorrect: Canaan and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Raichur district and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: History of ancient Israel and Judah and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Zephaniah and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Late Bronze Age collapse and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ben Affleck, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Billy Wilder, George Clooney
Correct: Ben Affleck
LLM OUTPUT IS: Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, Miller v. California
Incorrect: Regents of the University of California v. Bakke and Expected: Roe v. Wade (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Miller v. California and Expected: Roe v. Wade (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Philip IV of France, Knights Templar, Charles IV of France, Louis X of France, Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor
Incorrect: Philip IV of France and Expected: Knights Templar (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Knights Templar
LLM OUTPUT IS: New York, New Mexico
Incorrect: New York and Expected: New Mexico (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: New Mexico
LLM OUTPUT IS: Casablanca, Melilla
Correct: Casablanca
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kraft Foods, General Mills, Fox Broadcasting Company, Sony Pictures Television, Hostess Brands
Correct: Kraft Foods
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kelsey Grammer, Jessica Chastain
Correct: Kelsey Grammer
LLM OUTPUT IS: Animal House, National Lampoon (magazine), Bozo the Clown, Cheech & Chong,
Correct: Animal House
LLM OUTPUT IS: Wil Wheaton, Amy Brenneman, Carlos Castaneda, University of California, Los Angeles, Howard Wolowitz
Incorrect: Wil Wheaton and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Amy Brenneman and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Carlos Castaneda and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: University of California and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Los Angeles and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Aaron Burr, Richard Mentor Johnson, John C. Breckinridge
Correct: Aaron Burr
LLM OUTPUT IS: Vladimir Putin, Yuri Andropov, Mikhail Gorbachev, Russian Armed Forces, Boris Berezovsky
Correct: Vladimir Putin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michelle Obama, Srinagarindra, Whitney Houston, Supermodel, List of minor Chuck characters
Correct: Michelle Obama
LLM OUTPUT IS: Edna St. Vincent Millay, Emily Dickinson, Elinor Wylie, Margaret Avison, Marina Tsvetaeva
Correct: Edna St. Vincent Millay
LLM OUTPUT IS: Tampere, Mikael Agricola, Espoo, Porvoo, Annapolis
Incorrect: Tampere and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Mikael Agricola and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Espoo and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Porvoo and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Annapolis and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hasbro, Axis & Allies, Crayon, Vectrex, Snakes and Ladders
Correct: Hasbro
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions, Patrick Henry, U.S. state, John C. Breckinridge, Bourbon whiskey
Incorrect: Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Patrick Henry and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: U.S. state and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: John C. Breckinridge and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Bourbon whiskey and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Cliff Thorburn, Fred Davis, Swing music, Music of Zimbabwe
Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Cliff Thorburn and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Fred Davis and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Swing music and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Music of Zimbabwe and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Anna Paquin, Glenn Close
Correct: Anna Paquin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Henry Kissinger, Richard Nixon, Edward Brooke, History of the United States (1964–80), United States presidential line of succession
Correct: Henry Kissinger
LLM OUTPUT IS: Perth, Scotland, Arbroath, Annapolis, Maryland
Incorrect: Perth and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Scotland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Arbroath and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Annapolis and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Maryland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: James Dean, Ed McMahon
Correct: James Dean
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hasbro, Little People, Cabbage Patch Kids, Arthur Treacher's, Powel Crosley, Jr.
Incorrect: Hasbro and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Little People and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Cabbage Patch Kids and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Arthur Treacher's and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Powel Crosley and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: William Safire, Harlem Globetrotters
Incorrect: William Safire and Expected: Richard Nixon (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Harlem Globetrotters and Expected: Richard Nixon (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, English poetry, Metaphysical poets, Fenton Johnson (poet), Baxter Black
Correct: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
LLM OUTPUT IS: Game Change, Michael Moore
Correct: Game Change
LLM OUTPUT IS: Law & Order, The West Wing, List of NCIS characters, Peter Stormare, Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski)
Incorrect: Law & Order and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: The West Wing and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: List of NCIS characters and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Peter Stormare and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski) and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cape Town, Dakar, Zanzibar, Illinois, History of Africa
Correct: Cape Town
LLM OUTPUT IS: Edmund Spenser, English poetry
Incorrect: Edmund Spenser and Expected: The Faerie Queene (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: English poetry and Expected: The Faerie Queene (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Richard Monckton Milnes, 1st Baron Houghton, John Keats, Blank verse, La Belle Dame sans Merci
Incorrect: Richard Monckton Milnes and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: 1st Baron Houghton and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: John Keats and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Blank verse and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: La Belle Dame sans Merci and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ouzo, Fennel, Cider, List of coffee beverages, File:Pasta alla Norma (2563876877).jpg|thumb
Correct: Ouzo
LLM OUTPUT IS: Thaddeus Stevens, Emancipation Proclamation, Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, Lambeth Conferences, ITU-T
Incorrect: Thaddeus Stevens and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Emancipation Proclamation and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Lambeth Conferences and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: ITU-T and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Governor General of Canada, Charles Tupper, Lincoln Alexander, Parliament of Canada, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.
Correct: Governor General of Canada
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Martin, Fifth Beatle, Ringo Starr, Todd Rundgren, Golden Earring
Correct: George Martin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joaquin Miller, Bret Harte, Ken Howard, Dave Meltzer, George Carlin
Incorrect: Joaquin Miller and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Bret Harte and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ken Howard and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Dave Meltzer and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: George Carlin and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kangaroo, Fauna of Australia, Koala, Chives, Velociraptor
Correct: Kangaroo
LLM OUTPUT IS: Feta, Sausage, Norwegian cuisine, English cuisine, Australian cuisine
Correct: Feta
LLM OUTPUT IS: Jack Dempsey, Max Schmeling, Willie "The Lion" Smith, Royal Rumble (1994), New Jersey Route 37
Correct: Jack Dempsey
LLM OUTPUT IS: Duce, Fascism in Europe, Neo-fascism, Cult of personality, Alessandra Mussolini
Correct: Duce
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michigan, Louisiana, Michigan
Correct: Michigan
LLM OUTPUT IS: Idaho, Louisiana, Arizona, Indiana, New York
Correct: Idaho
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joe Tinker, Hughie Jennings, Charlie Gehringer, Honus Wagner, Del Ennis
Correct: Joe Tinker
LLM OUTPUT IS: Horace Greeley, William Henry Harrison
Incorrect: Horace Greeley and Expected: William Henry Harrison (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: William Henry Harrison
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joan of Arc, Medieval Inquisition, File:Traité de Troyes.svg|300px|thumb|1415-14, Hippolyte Aucouturier, Beauvais
Correct: Joan of Arc
LLM OUTPUT IS: Madison, Wisconsin, Saint Isaac's Cathedral, Yosemite Valley, Lake Superior
Correct: Madison
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Correct: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
LLM OUTPUT IS: Monrovia, Glenview Mansion, Monrovia, Americo-Liberian, History of Liberia
Correct: Monrovia
LLM OUTPUT IS: Mercedes-Benz Superdome, Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
Correct: Mercedes-Benz Superdome
LLM OUTPUT IS: Harrison Ford, Alec Baldwin
Incorrect: Harrison Ford and Expected: Alec Baldwin (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Alec Baldwin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Rosa Parks, Nellie Y. McKay, Rosa Parks, Queen Latifah, Katherine Mansfield
Correct: Rosa Parks
LLM OUTPUT IS: Harrison Ford, Bill Mumy, Shirley Jones, Thora Birch, Candy Barr
Correct: Harrison Ford
LLM OUTPUT IS: Izamal, Altun Ha, Tayasal, Svetitskhoveli Cathedral, Weather Report
Incorrect: Izamal and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Altun Ha and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Tayasal and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Svetitskhoveli Cathedral and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Weather Report and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Ed Salamon, Music of Zimbabwe, Swing music, Hyuna
Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ed Salamon and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Music of Zimbabwe and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Swing music and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Hyuna and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Buda Castle, Budapest, Annapolis, Aquincum, Palatine
Incorrect: Buda Castle and Expected: Budapest (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Budapest
LLM OUTPUT IS: Rob Reiner, University of California, Los Angeles
Correct: Rob Reiner
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hogan's Heroes, John Carter (ER), Cincinnati Bengals, Jerry Brown, File:Scott Lab OSU.
Correct: Hogan's Heroes
LLM OUTPUT IS: TI MSP430, Menopause, Lighthouse, Staffordshire, The First Journey (Alternamorphs)
Incorrect: TI MSP430 and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Menopause and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Lighthouse and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Staffordshire and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: The First Journey (Alternamorphs) and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Clooney, Ben Affleck, Geoffrey Rush, Jessica Lange, Glenn Close
Incorrect: George Clooney and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ben Affleck and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Geoffrey Rush and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Jessica Lange and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Glenn Close and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Janet Jackson, Hyuna
Correct: Janet Jackson
LLM OUTPUT IS: İsmet İnönü, History of modern Greece, Sykes–Picot Agreement, Van, Turkey, Trabzon
Incorrect: İsmet İnönü and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: History of modern Greece and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Sykes–Picot Agreement and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Van and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Turkey and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Procter & Gamble, Tochter & Gamble, Heraldry, Jane Wyman, 186th Infantry Regiment (United States)
Correct: Procter & Gamble
LLM OUTPUT IS: Otto von Bismarck, Wilhelm II, German Emperor, Heinrich Brüning, Imperial German Navy
Correct: Otto von Bismarck
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Crabbe, Bliss Carman, Anna Laetitia Barbauld, Homer, Luis Cernuda
Incorrect: George Crabbe and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Bliss Carman and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Anna Laetitia Barbauld and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Homer and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Luis Cernuda and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Khmer Rouge, History of Cambodia, Economy of Cambodia, Politics of Cambodia, Siem Reap
Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: History of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Economy of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Politics of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Siem Reap and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cycle rickshaw, Tuk-tuk, Mekong, Khmer Rouge, Siem Reap
Incorrect: Cycle rickshaw and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Tuk-tuk and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Mekong and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Siem Reap and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Michael Jackson, Hyuna, Ed Salamon, Music of Zimbabwe
Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Michael Jackson
LLM OUTPUT IS: John F. Kennedy, William Randolph Hearst, William Safire, Hunter S. Thompson, American Liberty League
Correct: John F. Kennedy
LLM OUTPUT IS: B'nai B'rith, Kabbalah, Schwabacher Brothers, Unsworth, Cave of the Patriarchs
Correct: B'nai B'rith
LLM OUTPUT IS: Don Knotts, Three's Company, John Ritter, Tim Conway, Image:FEMA - 1807 - Photograph by Robert A. Eplett taken on 01-17-1994 in California.jpg|thumb
Incorrect: Don Knotts and Expected: Three's Company (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Three's Company
LLM OUTPUT IS: 1949 Armistice Agreements, Camp David Accords, United Nations Commission on Human Rights, Golan Heights,
Incorrect: 1949 Armistice Agreements and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Camp David Accords and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: United Nations Commission on Human Rights and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Golan Heights and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heather Locklear, Lisa Rinna, Maxwell Caulfield, Melrose Place, Legally Blonde (musical)
Correct: Heather Locklear
LLM OUTPUT IS: Souvlaki, Serbian cuisine, Brazilian cuisine, Awadhi cuisine, Dim sum
Correct: Souvlaki
LLM OUTPUT IS: 3M, Quality Comics, Schwabacher Brothers, Adelbert von Chamisso, Bank of China (Hong Kong)
Correct: 3M
LLM OUTPUT IS: Robert Downey, Jr., Sherlocks Holmes
Incorrect: Robert Downey and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Jr. and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Sherlocks Holmes and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Precision@1: 0.55
MRR: 0.55
