LLM OUTPUT IS: The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, William Randolph Hearst, Media of the United States
0. Correct: The Washington Post and running-count of correct: 1
LLM OUTPUT IS: United Nations General Assembly Resolution 505, One-China policy, Taiwan, History of the Republic of China, Image:RC (Taiwan).png|thumb|right|Countries maintaining relations with the R
0. Incorrect: United Nations General Assembly Resolution 505 and Expected: Taiwan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: One-China policy and Expected: Taiwan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Correct: Taiwan
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times
0. Correct: The Wall Street Journal and running-count of correct: 2
LLM OUTPUT IS: Irving Berlin, Jerome Kern, Annie Get Your Gun (musical), Hair (musical), The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway
0. Incorrect: Irving Berlin and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Jerome Kern and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Annie Get Your Gun (musical) and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Hair (musical) and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway and Expected: My Funny Valentine (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Salvation Army, Pride London, The Salvation Army, Capital (radio network), Change ringing
0. Correct: The Salvation Army and running-count of correct: 3
LLM OUTPUT IS: Florida, Italy
0. Correct: Florida and running-count of correct: 4
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ambrogio Lorenzetti, Pietro Lorenzetti, Luca Signorelli, Themes in Italian Renaissance painting, Diego Velázquez
0. Incorrect: Ambrogio Lorenzetti and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Pietro Lorenzetti and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Luca Signorelli and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Themes in Italian Renaissance painting and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Diego Velázquez and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Jackie Joyner-Kersee, Jackie Robinson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Kevin Love, University of California, Los Angeles
0. Correct: Jackie Joyner-Kersee and running-count of correct: 5
LLM OUTPUT IS: Chevrolet Celebrity, Pontiac, AMC Matador, Chevrolet Impala, Hammer and sickle
0. Incorrect: Chevrolet Celebrity and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Pontiac and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: AMC Matador and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Chevrolet Impala and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Hammer and sickle and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cairo, Khartoum, Ancient Libya, Crossing the Red Sea, Nile
0. Correct: Cairo and running-count of correct: 6
LLM OUTPUT IS: Philippe Pétain, Philippe Pétain
0. Incorrect: Philippe Pétain and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Philippe Pétain and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ohio, Anders Zorn, Sculpture of the United States, Michael Bierut, Museum of Science and Industry (Chicago)
0. Correct: Ohio and running-count of correct: 7
LLM OUTPUT IS: USS Arizona Memorial, Friend to all Nations, Robert Ballard, Richard Henry Dana, Jr., Thomas W. Lawson (ship)
0. Incorrect: USS Arizona Memorial and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Friend to all Nations and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Robert Ballard and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Richard Henry Dana and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Jr. and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heath Ledger, Russell Crowe
0. Correct: Heath Ledger and running-count of correct: 8
LLM OUTPUT IS: Peninsula War, Napoleonic Wars, Battle of Roliça, Ferdinand VII of Spain, War of the Sixth Coalition
0. Incorrect: Peninsula War and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Napoleonic Wars and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Battle of Roliça and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Ferdinand VII of Spain and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: War of the Sixth Coalition and Expected: Iberian Peninsula (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Wolong, Chengdu, House, Kawaii, Vietnamese cuisine
0. Incorrect: Wolong and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Chengdu and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: House and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Kawaii and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Vietnamese cuisine and Expected: Giant panda (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, George Michael
0. Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: George Michael (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: George Michael
LLM OUTPUT IS: Zora Neale Hurston, Medgar Evers
0. Incorrect: Zora Neale Hurston and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Medgar Evers and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Knights of Columbus, Knights of Labor, Studentenverbindung, Felix Frankfurter, Georgetown University
0. Correct: Knights of Columbus and running-count of correct: 9
LLM OUTPUT IS: Golden Eagle, Ferruginous Hawk, Itasca State Park, Lahore Zoo, File:Woody Guthrie NYWTS
0. Incorrect: Golden Eagle and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Ferruginous Hawk and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Itasca State Park and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Lahore Zoo and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: File:Woody Guthrie NYWTS and Expected: World Wide Fund (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Komodo dragon, Reptile, Fauna of Australia, Dragon (Middle-earth), Tony Fitzjohn
0. Correct: Komodo dragon and running-count of correct: 10
LLM OUTPUT IS: Alan Shepard, Keith Park, Royal Australian Navy, Jimmy Doolittle, 1929
0. Incorrect: Alan Shepard and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Keith Park and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Royal Australian Navy and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Jimmy Doolittle and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: 1929 and Expected: Richard Byrd (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Boot Hill, Doc Holliday
0. Correct: Boot Hill and running-count of correct: 11
LLM OUTPUT IS: Khmer Rouge, Politics of Cambodia, History of Cambodia, Cult of personality, Travancore
0. Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Politics of Cambodia and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: History of Cambodia and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Cult of personality and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Travancore and Expected: France (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Confucius, Sun Yat-sen, Zhang Binglin, Daphne Marlatt, Numerology
0. Correct: Confucius and running-count of correct: 12
LLM OUTPUT IS: Bessie Coleman, Lambert–St. Louis International Airport, Pilot (aeronautics), Ida Cox, Ethel Waters
0. Incorrect: Bessie Coleman and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Lambert–St. Louis International Airport and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Pilot (aeronautics) and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Ida Cox and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Ethel Waters and Expected: O'Hare International Airport (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Canaan, Raichur district, History of ancient Israel and Judah, Zephaniah, Late Bronze Age collapse
0. Incorrect: Canaan and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Raichur district and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: History of ancient Israel and Judah and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Zephaniah and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Late Bronze Age collapse and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ben Affleck, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Billy Wilder, George Clooney
0. Correct: Ben Affleck and running-count of correct: 13
LLM OUTPUT IS: Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, Miller v. California
0. Incorrect: Regents of the University of California v. Bakke and Expected: Roe v. Wade (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Miller v. California and Expected: Roe v. Wade (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Philip IV of France, Knights Templar, Charles IV of France, Louis X of France, Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor
0. Incorrect: Philip IV of France and Expected: Knights Templar (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: Knights Templar
LLM OUTPUT IS: New York, New Mexico
0. Incorrect: New York and Expected: New Mexico (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: New Mexico
LLM OUTPUT IS: Casablanca, Melilla
0. Correct: Casablanca and running-count of correct: 14
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kraft Foods, General Mills, Fox Broadcasting Company, Sony Pictures Television, Hostess Brands
0. Correct: Kraft Foods and running-count of correct: 15
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kelsey Grammer, Jessica Chastain
0. Correct: Kelsey Grammer and running-count of correct: 16
LLM OUTPUT IS: Animal House, National Lampoon (magazine), Bozo the Clown, Cheech & Chong,
0. Correct: Animal House and running-count of correct: 17
LLM OUTPUT IS: Wil Wheaton, Amy Brenneman, Carlos Castaneda, University of California, Los Angeles, Howard Wolowitz
0. Incorrect: Wil Wheaton and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Amy Brenneman and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Carlos Castaneda and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: University of California and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Los Angeles and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Aaron Burr, Richard Mentor Johnson, John C. Breckinridge
0. Correct: Aaron Burr and running-count of correct: 18
LLM OUTPUT IS: Vladimir Putin, Yuri Andropov, Mikhail Gorbachev, Russian Armed Forces, Boris Berezovsky
0. Correct: Vladimir Putin and running-count of correct: 19
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michelle Obama, Srinagarindra, Whitney Houston, Supermodel, List of minor Chuck characters
0. Correct: Michelle Obama and running-count of correct: 20
LLM OUTPUT IS: Edna St. Vincent Millay, Emily Dickinson, Elinor Wylie, Margaret Avison, Marina Tsvetaeva
0. Correct: Edna St. Vincent Millay and running-count of correct: 21
LLM OUTPUT IS: Tampere, Mikael Agricola, Espoo, Porvoo, Annapolis
0. Incorrect: Tampere and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Mikael Agricola and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Espoo and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Porvoo and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Annapolis and Expected: Helsinki (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hasbro, Axis & Allies, Crayon, Vectrex, Snakes and Ladders
0. Correct: Hasbro and running-count of correct: 22
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions, Patrick Henry, U.S. state, John C. Breckinridge, Bourbon whiskey
0. Incorrect: Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Patrick Henry and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: U.S. state and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: John C. Breckinridge and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Bourbon whiskey and Expected: The Alien and Sedition Acts (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Cliff Thorburn, Fred Davis, Swing music, Music of Zimbabwe
0. Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Cliff Thorburn and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Fred Davis and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Swing music and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Music of Zimbabwe and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Anna Paquin, Glenn Close
0. Correct: Anna Paquin and running-count of correct: 23
LLM OUTPUT IS: Henry Kissinger, Richard Nixon, Edward Brooke, History of the United States (1964–80), United States presidential line of succession
0. Correct: Henry Kissinger and running-count of correct: 24
LLM OUTPUT IS: Perth, Scotland, Arbroath, Annapolis, Maryland
0. Incorrect: Perth and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Scotland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Arbroath and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Annapolis and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Maryland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: James Dean, Ed McMahon
0. Correct: James Dean and running-count of correct: 25
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hasbro, Little People, Cabbage Patch Kids, Arthur Treacher's, Powel Crosley, Jr.
0. Incorrect: Hasbro and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Little People and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Cabbage Patch Kids and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Arthur Treacher's and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Powel Crosley and Expected: Mattel (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: William Safire, Harlem Globetrotters
0. Incorrect: William Safire and Expected: Richard Nixon (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Harlem Globetrotters and Expected: Richard Nixon (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, English poetry, Metaphysical poets, Fenton Johnson (poet), Baxter Black
0. Correct: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and running-count of correct: 26
LLM OUTPUT IS: Game Change, Michael Moore
0. Correct: Game Change and running-count of correct: 27
LLM OUTPUT IS: Law & Order, The West Wing, List of NCIS characters, Peter Stormare, Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski)
0. Incorrect: Law & Order and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: The West Wing and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: List of NCIS characters and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Peter Stormare and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Symphony No. 2 (Lutosławski) and Expected: NCIS (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cape Town, Dakar, Zanzibar, Illinois, History of Africa
0. Correct: Cape Town and running-count of correct: 28
LLM OUTPUT IS: Edmund Spenser, English poetry
0. Incorrect: Edmund Spenser and Expected: The Faerie Queene (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: English poetry and Expected: The Faerie Queene (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Richard Monckton Milnes, 1st Baron Houghton, John Keats, Blank verse, La Belle Dame sans Merci
0. Incorrect: Richard Monckton Milnes and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: 1st Baron Houghton and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: John Keats and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Blank verse and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: La Belle Dame sans Merci and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ouzo, Fennel, Cider, List of coffee beverages, File:Pasta alla Norma (2563876877).jpg|thumb
0. Correct: Ouzo and running-count of correct: 29
LLM OUTPUT IS: Thaddeus Stevens, Emancipation Proclamation, Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, Lambeth Conferences, ITU-T
0. Incorrect: Thaddeus Stevens and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Emancipation Proclamation and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Lambeth Conferences and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: ITU-T and Expected: Slavery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Governor General of Canada, Charles Tupper, Lincoln Alexander, Parliament of Canada, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.
0. Correct: Governor General of Canada and running-count of correct: 30
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Martin, Fifth Beatle, Ringo Starr, Todd Rundgren, Golden Earring
0. Correct: George Martin and running-count of correct: 31
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joaquin Miller, Bret Harte, Ken Howard, Dave Meltzer, George Carlin
0. Incorrect: Joaquin Miller and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Bret Harte and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Ken Howard and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Dave Meltzer and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: George Carlin and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kangaroo, Fauna of Australia, Koala, Chives, Velociraptor
0. Correct: Kangaroo and running-count of correct: 32
LLM OUTPUT IS: Feta, Sausage, Norwegian cuisine, English cuisine, Australian cuisine
0. Correct: Feta and running-count of correct: 33
LLM OUTPUT IS: Jack Dempsey, Max Schmeling, Willie "The Lion" Smith, Royal Rumble (1994), New Jersey Route 37
0. Correct: Jack Dempsey and running-count of correct: 34
LLM OUTPUT IS: Duce, Fascism in Europe, Neo-fascism, Cult of personality, Alessandra Mussolini
0. Correct: Duce and running-count of correct: 35
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michigan, Louisiana, Michigan
0. Correct: Michigan and running-count of correct: 36
LLM OUTPUT IS: Idaho, Louisiana, Arizona, Indiana, New York
0. Correct: Idaho and running-count of correct: 37
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joe Tinker, Hughie Jennings, Charlie Gehringer, Honus Wagner, Del Ennis
0. Correct: Joe Tinker and running-count of correct: 38
LLM OUTPUT IS: Horace Greeley, William Henry Harrison
0. Incorrect: Horace Greeley and Expected: William Henry Harrison (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: William Henry Harrison
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joan of Arc, Medieval Inquisition, File:Traité de Troyes.svg|300px|thumb|1415-14, Hippolyte Aucouturier, Beauvais
0. Correct: Joan of Arc and running-count of correct: 39
LLM OUTPUT IS: Madison, Wisconsin, Saint Isaac's Cathedral, Yosemite Valley, Lake Superior
0. Correct: Madison and running-count of correct: 40
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
0. Correct: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and running-count of correct: 41
LLM OUTPUT IS: Monrovia, Glenview Mansion, Monrovia, Americo-Liberian, History of Liberia
0. Correct: Monrovia and running-count of correct: 42
LLM OUTPUT IS: Mercedes-Benz Superdome, Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
0. Correct: Mercedes-Benz Superdome and running-count of correct: 43
LLM OUTPUT IS: Harrison Ford, Alec Baldwin
0. Incorrect: Harrison Ford and Expected: Alec Baldwin (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: Alec Baldwin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Rosa Parks, Nellie Y. McKay, Rosa Parks, Queen Latifah, Katherine Mansfield
0. Correct: Rosa Parks and running-count of correct: 44
LLM OUTPUT IS: Harrison Ford, Bill Mumy, Shirley Jones, Thora Birch, Candy Barr
0. Correct: Harrison Ford and running-count of correct: 45
LLM OUTPUT IS: Izamal, Altun Ha, Tayasal, Svetitskhoveli Cathedral, Weather Report
0. Incorrect: Izamal and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Altun Ha and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Tayasal and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Svetitskhoveli Cathedral and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Weather Report and Expected: Dome of the Rock (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Ed Salamon, Music of Zimbabwe, Swing music, Hyuna
0. Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Ed Salamon and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Music of Zimbabwe and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Swing music and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Hyuna and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Buda Castle, Budapest, Annapolis, Aquincum, Palatine
0. Incorrect: Buda Castle and Expected: Budapest (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: Budapest
LLM OUTPUT IS: Rob Reiner, University of California, Los Angeles
0. Correct: Rob Reiner and running-count of correct: 46
LLM OUTPUT IS: Hogan's Heroes, John Carter (ER), Cincinnati Bengals, Jerry Brown, File:Scott Lab OSU.
0. Correct: Hogan's Heroes and running-count of correct: 47
LLM OUTPUT IS: TI MSP430, Menopause, Lighthouse, Staffordshire, The First Journey (Alternamorphs)
0. Incorrect: TI MSP430 and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Menopause and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Lighthouse and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Staffordshire and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: The First Journey (Alternamorphs) and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Clooney, Ben Affleck, Geoffrey Rush, Jessica Lange, Glenn Close
0. Incorrect: George Clooney and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Ben Affleck and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Geoffrey Rush and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Jessica Lange and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Glenn Close and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Janet Jackson, Hyuna
0. Correct: Janet Jackson and running-count of correct: 48
LLM OUTPUT IS: İsmet İnönü, History of modern Greece, Sykes–Picot Agreement, Van, Turkey, Trabzon
0. Incorrect: İsmet İnönü and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: History of modern Greece and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Sykes–Picot Agreement and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Van and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Turkey and Expected: Ottoman Empire (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Procter & Gamble, Tochter & Gamble, Heraldry, Jane Wyman, 186th Infantry Regiment (United States)
0. Correct: Procter & Gamble and running-count of correct: 49
LLM OUTPUT IS: Otto von Bismarck, Wilhelm II, German Emperor, Heinrich Brüning, Imperial German Navy
0. Correct: Otto von Bismarck and running-count of correct: 50
LLM OUTPUT IS: George Crabbe, Bliss Carman, Anna Laetitia Barbauld, Homer, Luis Cernuda
0. Incorrect: George Crabbe and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Bliss Carman and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Anna Laetitia Barbauld and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Homer and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Luis Cernuda and Expected: William Wordsworth (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Khmer Rouge, History of Cambodia, Economy of Cambodia, Politics of Cambodia, Siem Reap
0. Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: History of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Economy of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Politics of Cambodia and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Siem Reap and Expected: Khmer language (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Cycle rickshaw, Tuk-tuk, Mekong, Khmer Rouge, Siem Reap
0. Incorrect: Cycle rickshaw and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Tuk-tuk and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Mekong and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Khmer Rouge and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
4. Incorrect: Siem Reap and Expected: Rickshaw (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Paul Anka, Michael Jackson, Hyuna, Ed Salamon, Music of Zimbabwe
0. Incorrect: Paul Anka and Expected: Michael Jackson (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: Michael Jackson
LLM OUTPUT IS: John F. Kennedy, William Randolph Hearst, William Safire, Hunter S. Thompson, American Liberty League
0. Correct: John F. Kennedy and running-count of correct: 51
LLM OUTPUT IS: B'nai B'rith, Kabbalah, Schwabacher Brothers, Unsworth, Cave of the Patriarchs
0. Correct: B'nai B'rith and running-count of correct: 52
LLM OUTPUT IS: Don Knotts, Three's Company, John Ritter, Tim Conway, Image:FEMA - 1807 - Photograph by Robert A. Eplett taken on 01-17-1994 in California.jpg|thumb
0. Incorrect: Don Knotts and Expected: Three's Company (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Correct: Three's Company
LLM OUTPUT IS: 1949 Armistice Agreements, Camp David Accords, United Nations Commission on Human Rights, Golan Heights,
0. Incorrect: 1949 Armistice Agreements and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Camp David Accords and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: United Nations Commission on Human Rights and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
3. Incorrect: Golan Heights and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heather Locklear, Lisa Rinna, Maxwell Caulfield, Melrose Place, Legally Blonde (musical)
0. Correct: Heather Locklear and running-count of correct: 53
LLM OUTPUT IS: Souvlaki, Serbian cuisine, Brazilian cuisine, Awadhi cuisine, Dim sum
0. Correct: Souvlaki and running-count of correct: 54
LLM OUTPUT IS: 3M, Quality Comics, Schwabacher Brothers, Adelbert von Chamisso, Bank of China (Hong Kong)
0. Correct: 3M and running-count of correct: 55
LLM OUTPUT IS: Robert Downey, Jr., Sherlocks Holmes
0. Incorrect: Robert Downey and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
1. Incorrect: Jr. and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
2. Incorrect: Sherlocks Holmes and Expected: Robert Downey, Jr. (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Precision@1: 0.55
MRR: 0.5933333333333333
