LLM OUTPUT IS: William Henry Harrison, Schuyler Colfax, Thomas A. Hendricks, William Lyon Mackenzie, Horace Greeley
Correct: William Henry Harrison
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joaquin Miller, Bret Harte, Ken Howard, George Carlin, Dave Meltzer
Incorrect: Joaquin Miller and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Bret Harte and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ken Howard and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: George Carlin and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Dave Meltzer and Expected: San Francisco (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: One-China policy, Taiwan, History of the Republic of China, United Nations General Assembly Resolution 505, Image:RC (Taiwan).png
Incorrect: One-China policy and Expected: Taiwan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Taiwan
LLM OUTPUT IS: Camp David Accords, Golan Heights, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Refugee, Terje Rød-Larsen
Incorrect: Camp David Accords and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Golan Heights and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Israeli–Palestinian conflict and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Refugee and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Terje Rød-Larsen and Expected: The Six Day War (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: The Salvation Army, Pride London, The Salvation Army, Capital (radio network), Change ringing
Correct: The Salvation Army
LLM OUTPUT IS: Northern Arizona University, Phoenix, Arizona, Roanoke, Virginia, Xochicalco, Sun-Maid
Incorrect: Northern Arizona University and Expected: Idaho (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Phoenix and Expected: Idaho (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Arizona and Expected: Idaho (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Roanoke and Expected: Idaho (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Virginia and Expected: Idaho (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Kalamazoo Institute of Arts, Portage Northern High School, James McDivitt, Pfizer, Reynolds and Reynolds
Incorrect: Kalamazoo Institute of Arts and Expected: Michigan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Portage Northern High School and Expected: Michigan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: James McDivitt and Expected: Michigan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Pfizer and Expected: Michigan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Reynolds and Reynolds and Expected: Michigan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Antonello da Messina, Parmigianino, Ambrogio Lorenzetti, Antonio da Correggio
Incorrect: Antonello da Messina and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Parmigianino and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ambrogio Lorenzetti and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Antonio da Correggio and Expected: Tintoretto (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Vladimir Putin, Yuri Andropov, Mikhail Gorbachev, Active measures,
Correct: Vladimir Putin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Danica McKellar, Wil Wheaton, Carlos Castaneda, Howard Wolowitz, Aamy Brenneman
Incorrect: Danica McKellar and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Wil Wheaton and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Carlos Castaneda and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Howard Wolowitz and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Aamy Brenneman and Expected: Mayim Bialik (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heather Locklear, Lisa Rinna, Maxwell Caulfield, Melrose Place, Legally Blonde (musical)
Correct: Heather Locklear
LLM OUTPUT IS: Chevrolet Celebrity, Pontiac, AMC Matador, Chevrolet Impala, Hammer and sickle
Incorrect: Chevrolet Celebrity and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Pontiac and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: AMC Matador and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Chevrolet Impala and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Hammer and sickle and Expected: Rotary International (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Invercargill, Eilat, Kharga Oasis, Zanzibar, Illinois
Incorrect: Invercargill and Expected: Cape Town (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Eilat and Expected: Cape Town (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Kharga Oasis and Expected: Cape Town (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Zanzibar and Expected: Cape Town (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Illinois and Expected: Cape Town (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Casablanca, Agadir, Western Sahara, Sahrawi people, History of Western Sahara
Correct: Casablanca
LLM OUTPUT IS: Philippe Pétain, Free French Forces
Incorrect: Philippe Pétain and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Free French Forces and Expected: Charles de Gaulle (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: USS Arizona Memorial, Robert Ballard, Tora! Tora! Tora!, Thomas W. Lawson (ship), CSS Virginia
Incorrect: USS Arizona Memorial and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Robert Ballard and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Tora! Tora! Tora! and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Thomas W. Lawson (ship) and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: CSS Virginia and Expected: Arlington National Cemetery (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: George W. Bush's first term as President of the United States, State of the Union address, Susan Jeske, MSNBC, 24 (TV series)
Incorrect: George W. Bush's first term as President of the United States and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: State of the Union address and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Susan Jeske and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: MSNBC and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: 24 (TV series) and Expected: Martin Sheen (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Heath Ledger, Mark Hamill, Joker (playing card), Batman (TV series), Dark Carnival (Insane Clown Posse)
Correct: Heath Ledger
LLM OUTPUT IS: Confucius, Sun Yat-sen, Zhang Binglin, Numerology, Natural science
Correct: Confucius
LLM OUTPUT IS: Canaan, Raichur district, Canaan, History of ancient Israel and Judah, Ammonoidea
Incorrect: Canaan and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Raichur district and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Canaan and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: History of ancient Israel and Judah and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Ammonoidea and Expected: Jordan (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Komodo dragon, Reptile, Komodo dragon, Dragon (Middle-earth), Dragonfly
Correct: Komodo dragon
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michael Jackson, Rolling Stone, Whitesnake, Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T-Shirt, Hard to Swallow (album)
Correct: Michael Jackson
LLM OUTPUT IS: Michael Jackson, Luther Vandross, John Howard Griffin, Toledo Area Athletic Conference (OHSAA), Edgar Faure
Correct: Michael Jackson
LLM OUTPUT IS: Medgar Evers, Errol Morris
Incorrect: Medgar Evers and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Errol Morris and Expected: The Help (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: O'Hare International Airport, Lambert–St. Louis International Airport, Pilot (aeronautics), Ida Cox, Bessie Coleman
Correct: O'Hare International Airport
LLM OUTPUT IS: O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Li'l Abner, Chris Morris (satirist), Modern Western square dance, Alaskan Husky
Incorrect: O Brother and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Where Art Thou? and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Li'l Abner and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Chris Morris (satirist) and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Modern Western square dance and Expected: Calvin Coolidge (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ottoman Empire, History of modern Greece, Chios, Trabzon, Van, Turkey
Correct: Ottoman Empire
LLM OUTPUT IS: Khmer language, Khmer Rouge, Politics of Cambodia, History of Cambodia, Economy of Cambodia
Correct: Khmer language
LLM OUTPUT IS: Alec Baldwin, Ken Howard
Correct: Alec Baldwin
LLM OUTPUT IS: Joan of Arc, Medieval Inquisition, Pierre Cauchon, Beauvais, Clermont-Ferrand Cathedral
Correct: Joan of Arc
LLM OUTPUT IS: Toothpaste, Procter & Gamble, Tooth bleaching, Colloid, Non-Newtonian fluid
Incorrect: Toothpaste and Expected: Procter & Gamble (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Procter & Gamble
LLM OUTPUT IS: Axis & Allies, Snakes and Ladders, Vectrex, Crayon, Hasbro
Incorrect: Axis & Allies and Expected: Hasbro (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Snakes and Ladders and Expected: Hasbro (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Vectrex and Expected: Hasbro (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Crayon and Expected: Hasbro (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Hasbro
LLM OUTPUT IS: Don Knotts, Three's Company, John Ritter, Bill Bixby, Tim Conway
Incorrect: Don Knotts and Expected: Three's Company (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Three's Company
LLM OUTPUT IS: Aaron Burr, Richard Mentor Johnson, John C. Breckinridge, Academic fencing, Economy of Belarus
Correct: Aaron Burr
LLM OUTPUT IS: John Carter (ER), Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Menachem Begin, Sentinel (comic book), Jackie Burkhart
Incorrect: John Carter (ER) and Expected: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
LLM OUTPUT IS: Church of Scotland, Scottish Episcopal Church, Perth, Scotland, James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton
Incorrect: Church of Scotland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Scottish Episcopal Church and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Perth and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: Scotland and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: James Douglas and Expected: Edinburgh (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
LLM OUTPUT IS: Richard Monckton Milnes, 1st Baron Houghton, Lord Byron, John Keats, Blank verse
Incorrect: Richard Monckton Milnes and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Incorrect: 1st Baron Houghton and Expected: Lord Byron (there may be alternatives that are considered correct!)
Correct: Lord Byron
LLM OUTPUT IS: Ouzo, Fennel, Cider, List of coffee beverages, Old Fashioned
Correct: Ouzo
LLM OUTPUT IS: Governor General of Canada, Lincoln Alexander, Charles Tupper, Parliament of Canada, William Jardine (merchant)
Correct: Governor General of Canada
LLM OUTPUT IS: Mercedes-Benz Superdome, Lake Storm "Aphid", Santiago Rodriguez (pianist), Jimmy Walter, Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
Correct: Mercedes-Benz Superdome
Precision@1: 0.475
MRR: 0.475
